Welcome to the golf academy
st leon-red
surely some of them already have
once noticed that many good golfers
every time behind the ball
face and look towards the goal
But many golfers are simply
on the ball and off you go annoy yourself
but in retrospect, if the ball is not
flying towards the desired destination
but that is not necessarily theirs
momentum
Surely you have already asked yourself what
the players behind the ball actually
do
They are looking for a goal for you
align myself today i'll get him two today
show possibilities as they are
can correctly align the first
possibility
go behind the ball and set
imagine a line
from her ball to her
Go to the target now
this line in the immediate vicinity
your ball something striking on the ground
what they want to aim for
This can be for example a sheet or
be a different color stain in the grass
Now you go into setup and move with
her bat on her chosen one
intermediate goal first after that
left foot then the right without
greater effort or worry pull you
automatically towards destination
as your goal is in the extension
yours between cs
the second possibility is again
behind the ball and stand up
line
moving from your ball to your goal
look directly at the horizon
extension to your line
striking goal
this can be the flag or eg a
treetop or a steeple
his
Now you go to the stage goal with yours
put the bat on the chosen target
then first your left foot and then
the right one and concentrate
Only focus on this goal now
automatically in the right direction
hereby you have two options
to control their alignment and
more consistency in your beats too
to get